check out this new trailer for our movie
we are the Millers yeah it's
amazing
Jason no no it's okay nose for the red
band trailer oh then he's right
the shit's awesome dude shit's awesome
hey what ten theaters Wednesday August
7th enjoy
we thank thee for the blessing of this
family vacation and may this entire
airplane find safe passage and a
bountiful life I was beautiful my family
was more like that come in here hug it
out
don't you cry it's all honey all better
now we're not your typical family I need
you to be my wife for 10 grand drug
dealing oh it's smuggling we're just
pretending to be a family to smuggle pot
across the border can they meet your new
sister
we are the Millers just simply take my
bribe and IBL oh wait ropes I can see
I'm a man who prefers the company of
other men
Oh David suck his dick Rose five seconds
tops
[Music]
we was treating like it was a real baby
you know for a summer project it teaches
the students that nothing ruins your
life more than having children just
stick to the big egg neither makes a
baby yeah you had me steal from a
Mexican drug lord it's kind of a dick
move you take my drugs you are the worst
family I've ever met you all die no my
wife she's just a cheap stripper
[Music]
have some respect it's your mother my
bucket balls on my balls on my I
[Music]
can't feel my bingo I'm afraid your son
has had a pretty severe allergic
reaction to the spider's bed go get my
son and bring him and his giant nut out
yeah make sure you like it tweet it you
can pin it forward it to post it you
could poke it poke it okay no feel it up
cradle it whatever you like whatever
blows our hair back yeah I see where you
go mm-hmm comes out Wednesday August 7th
enjoy yeah and see it old school yeah